okay let's start with the money no intro
no altro just real talk bonny Rebecca
posted a whole sob story on Instagram
text format and you know her in
sincerity in dealing with all these
issues is shown first and foremost by
what she says about the money she didn't
have to say anything about the money I
didn't make this about the money you
made this about the money sweetheart
everybody can see at a glance your
channel you normally if you're lucky get
40,000 views or 50,000 views on a video
your video announcing your bold and
immoral decision to give up veganism and
go back to eating meat it's gonna get 1
million views I predict it is already
well over 800,000 views and you've got a
mind to come out and tell us all it's
not about the money and you claim people
don't realize just how little money you
make as a youtuber I love the way this
kind of obfuscation and mystification
carries on as if it would take more than
one mouse click for you to know exactly
how much money you were making out of
YouTube as if it would require any skill
whatsoever for you to take a screenshot
of the Google Analytics report saying
exactly how much money you make and to
post that on your blog Instagram Twitter
or tumblr wherever you want to post it
ok and this is not just about bonny
Rebecca it really bothers me that some
of the leading political commentators
are crying poor this way it really
bothers me the Jimmy door is constantly
talking about money in the same way in a
really vague and of fuss Kotori way
saying like oh well you don't know how
much money I make I don't make merely as
much money as those lead anchors at CNN
and NBC and stations it's not it's not
really the question Jimmy Jimmy door is
asking for donations
he's a donation driven political
commentator and he doesn't report how
much money he makes on the Internet
neither from YouTube north from Pei
both are concealed right now I have
periodically mentioned how much money I
make it's so little that it's never
worth talking about my plan is unlike
Jimmy door because I want to talk about
this and I want I want to also engage
Jimmy door himself and other youtubers
in a discussion with this my plan is to
post a financial report every two months
on my blog telling you exactly how much
money I make and telling my ex-wife
exactly how much money I make out of
YouTube guess what guys it's not hard
right now I just clicked the last 30
days the total earnings I have from
YouTube one hundred and fifty three
dollars and 56 cents you get it to the
penny okay
and that'll be accurate up to about the
last three days there's a little bit of
inaccuracy or estimation for the most
recent three days so it's more accurate
if you talk about the past and not the
most recent 30 days but whatever in my
case what is it may be an accurate by
one percent not not really worth talking
about with such a small amount of money
but sure it could end up being a
rounding error higher or lower than that
anybody can know these things all right
now this is partly interesting in and of
itself thus I've taken 3 minutes to talk
about it and now we're moving on to the
main topic of the video which is the
extent to which Bonnie Rebecca is really
being dishonest and is in effect
concerned trolling she is in effect
being a concern troll within the vegan
movement which is an interesting concept
we didn't even have before the internet
what I mean I don't think maybe I'm
wrong here I do not think any language
on earth had a term for concern trolling
before the internet now we have this
term in English it blows my mind I
wonder how do you say this in Chinese
how do you say listen pick up the
language on earth it's a really
interesting concept
concern trolling has a very precise and
specific meaning okay compassion is
irrelevant okay if someone is wrong and
you're discussing the ways in which
they're right and wrong compassion is
irrelevant if someone is incorrect
and you're discussing the ways in which
they are factually incorrect then
compassion is irrelevant we can all
preach compassion right sunup to sunset
okay then you talk to someone who has a
sincere misconception all right and the
misconception could run either way I
knew in person a woman she same age as
me was to say a young woman but I'm not
young anymore we didn't date but we kind
of started started up a romance as if we
were gonna go on a date and we ended up
not going on a first date and she had an
allergy to rubber in food like rubber in
green vegetables I had never heard of
this before obviously it's a really rare
allergy and at first I was just really
surprised as well look I have read about
that but I thought incredibly few foods
in the human diet like foods that are
produced on a farm actually contain like
latex rubber this way and you know you
do a few google searches and again for
me English is my first language so
there's a lot available on the internet
in English if your first language is
lotion or something like you know you
really have to think if your first
language may be you know it really is
one of the huge advantages of English is
that there's a ton of scientific
evidence available in your first
language meaning that this woman her
first language was Chinese she spoke
English fluently but for her to read
like peer-reviewed science and English
very hard to do I start looking around
and turned out this was a fascinating
health problem and I'm mentioning it
here because it exists within veganism
someone could have really really serious
food allergies reacting to for example
avocados avocados contain this trace
amount of latex of rubber right there
are all kinds of other green vegetables
and fruits no fruit is the right word
there all kinds of plants that varying
amounts of rubber this is a food allergy
that's out there it can exist within the
vegan diet now you have someone telling
you and justifying killing and eating
animals and promoting a non vegan meat
eating diet right specifically fish and
eggs saying this is quoting
Rebecca's statement in in-text quote for
Tim eating spinach and sweet potato were
making him worse by the day hey doesn't
it doesn't matter if I have compassion
or not right whatever the problem was
let's let's just let's just pretend we
can treat this as objectively factually
true okay if he has a health problem
that makes it impossible for him to eat
spinach and sweet potatoes well a
problem where when eats those food he's
having some kind of egregious reaction
to it I can't say that's impossible
because again even just this one example
of being allergic to trace amounts of
rubber and food
I met one person who had that condition
okay I can't say that's impossible
you're having this reaction dispenser to
go you know what I can say is impossible
it's impossible that you are going to
cure it by killing animals and eating
the flesh of their body it's impossible
that you're gonna cure it by making
excuses for killing animals and eating
the flesh of their body on the internet
and getting over 800,000 views and
making money out of that and lying to
the public about how much money you're
making out of it you see the problem
here
you see compassion starts to be
irrelevant
I do have compassion I can sympathize
hey you know I had another girlfriend
this one was actually my girlfriend
might another girlfriend and she she had
a really really rare allergy to plaster
okay I've never met anyone since who had
this allergy I've never heard of before
that and normally you know you get
exposed to plaster as dust plaster dust
right I think most people of this hours
you would never even notice it you have
to live in a circumstance right if you
have an allergy like that and then you
live in somewhere you're exposed to
plaster
I can imagine you think it's the food or
something you think oh it's because I'm
eating spinach and sweet potatoes you're
not really thinking scientifically so
yeah maybe you do have some kind of rare
food allergy maybe you have some
completely unrelated health problem I
don't know but what I do
No is that the case you have made here
for going back to eating fish and eggs
and people you already know this fish
are animals fish have brains and eyes
and a heart they have a mind and memory
and the ability to feel pain and
remember the past and all the rest of it
some fish are smarter than some people I
hope watching this video that you're
more intelligent than the majority of
fish out there but you know they have
cognitive capacity to all of the
ecological arguments are still there
with fish just as much as they are with
cows etc etc and in eating eggs there's
no excuse for them and it's just
ridiculous an egg is an organ of a
chicken's body you're still raising
chickens in captivity they're living in
a hutch just to die we've done video
study most of in the past I don't think
it's worth talking about again um bonny
Rebecca claims her father had rheumatoid
pardon me rheumatoid arthritis a form of
arthritis okay and she was concerned not
that she had a test indication saying
this she was concerned that she might
develop arthritis okay that's a concern
that's a concern but guess what you're
doing here your concern trolling you're
using it in a completely phony and
insincere way to derail the conversation
and indeed to some extent to derail the
vegan movement in your tiny way right I
just did a google right now I did a
Google search just for arthritis
veganism nothing else and just look at
the first six results you get there
in-depth discussions of the extent to
which veganism can help you cope with
the symptoms of arthritis
alright I've heard about that for years
I am NOT gonna tell you thinkin ISM
would cure arthritis I don't think any
of those uh hmm that he those articles
claim another but those articles are not
claiming oh if you have arthritis you
should go back to eating meat she effect
eating fish and eggs right
so I mean the concern is legitimate oh
you're concerned about arthritis well I
look around at our thright us and vegan
diet and and guess what kind of
connection I see between those themes
but you're using this instead to justify
something that's immoral irrational and
really scientifically wrong okay
um and she closes I'm just reading a
selection of the the text here from what
bunny Rebecca stayed owner or Instagram
she says once I had a specialist tell me
this is very real and I'm putting myself
in a dangerous situation it all sunk in
I don't see how it could ever be
considered unethical of me to put my
health first that's exactly the
conversation we're having isn't